To Do ListLegend:1 - Not really important. But will happen eventually.2 - Somewhat important, but it will take a while before it happens.3 - Its normal, its kinda coming soon.4 - Kinda important! Happening real soon.5 - Important. This will happen first!To Do List:2 - Balance Recipes of Core2 - Balance Entities of Core2 - Add to Dynamic System all Recipes of Core2 - Balance Recipes of Energy2 - Balance Entities of Energy2 - Add to Dynamic System all Recipes of Energy2 - Add to Dynamic System all Recipes of Inserters2 - Balance Recipes of Logistic2 - Balance Entities of Logistic2 - Add to Dynamic System all Recipes of Logistic2 - Balance Recipes of Metallurgy2 - Balance Entities of Metallurgy2 - Add to Dynamic System all Recipes of Metallurgy2 - Balance Recipes of Modules2 - Balance Entities of Modules2 - Add to Dynamic System all Recipes of Modules2 - Balance Recipes of Storage2 - Balance Entities of Storage2 - Add to Dynamic System all Recipes of Storage2 - Balance Recipes of Transportation2 - Balance Entities of Transportation2 - Add to Dynamic System all Recipes of Transportatin2 - Balance Recipes of Warfare - 20% done2 - Balance Entities of Warfare2 - Add to Dynamic System all Recipes of Warfare1 -Energy- Add Gas1 -Core?- Underground Oil Reserves3 -Metallurgy- When Close to lava, you will take damage2 -Meteors- Release Meteors2 -Meteors- Adding Meteor Shield3 -Energy/Core- Adding a water hog (something that uses a lot of water)4 -Transporation- Fix underground belts being stuck (kinda done)1 -Story- Wildlife1 -Story- Story mode1 -Genetics- Genetics. (Own biters, dogs, birds, etc) 50% done3 -Statistics- Complete Counter Calculator!4 -Forum- Create Banner for other people to use.4 -Energy- make burner small pumps (if possible)2 -Warfare- Empty bullet cartridges, that can be smelted back into bullets (but its not effecient)2 -Core- Collectors use construction robots to pick up items (adding for Factorio 0.11)3 -Warfare- Tiered Gun Turrets (something like the laser turrets, but different)1 -Warfare- Loot of biters not letting drop when suicide1 -Transportation- Turntables?1 -Warfare- Modular armor with only 1 exoskeleton3 -Logistic- Roboport Alternate radius (less logistic range, and less power)3 -Logistic- Robo charging port2 -Dunno?- removal of usage of productivity modules from recipes4 -Metallurgy- Add Metallurgy ores to Ore cleaning5 -Core- Database add inserters3 -Core- port the database over to factorio 0.114 - Increase Stack size of metal chunks4 - Add stone usage. (lots)4 - Increase usage of Rubber5 - Add caption to Tools stating that Wood means the Intermediate wood, not Raw Wood2 - Realistic Dynamic System (all factorio recipes included)